We built the evolution of the cloud for SAP

Roger,

Here's a link to the article I wrote for JavaWorld, which has been on the cover over the past week.

Around Oct. 4th, I responded to Bill McDermott's LinkedIn post on a thread regarding SAP's cloud challenges stating that I have built the solution to these problems.  I never heard back.  

Since then, I've been working on the next phase of the project, which addresses data and API integration.

The 1st phase is built and completely self-funded.

What we have built is the evolution to the cloud: A multi-technology, agile architecture platform that revolutionizes the developer experience by uniting all technologies under a common framework, and allowing developer know-how to be consistently described, shared and advanced. It is a full-stack, micro-service cloud development and deployment platform that super-charges the entire project lifecycle, from prototype to production.

Obviously, if we are reaching out to you in Dec, it is important to us to work with SAP.  This is because Bill McDermott's spiritual values align with our own.

Tihs company was started by myself and a spiritual healer and a force in the human potential movement.  Bcause as you may know, this is a rare point in time of visoinaries and developer's coming together to create massive wealth, and this project is simply a tool for spirit to generate wealth to make a worldly impact.

In an age where everyone tosses aroudn the term, for the greater good, our lives reflect living that expression.

Reaching the West coast, we were displaced by the Santa Rosa fires.  During these past couple months we have been camping up and down the coast with our 77 year old mother while working on this project hoping to find somewhere to land before reaching out to you again.

This second fire has made that almost an impossilibity.  

As we have just learned, on Saturday we have no where to be on Christmas.

We can be reached at 512-731-2418.

You can vette us, but we want to talk directly with Bill.

Please text or leave a voicemail, as we are in and out of cell phone service.

Thank you for your time.  

Merry Christmas,

Matt Tyson
Belinda DeRanieri
darkhorse.tech