Cloud development remains complex, risky and expensive.  Despite the billions spent by large cloud providers, these facts remain and cloud platforms have become boring imitations of eachother.  

This project is technologically an integration layer.  What it means for end users is a simpler way to engage with cloud capabilities.  It means that developers are able to act on their ideas while staying in the zone.

The most critical question to cloud providers right now is how to on-ramp developers onto their platform?  By providing a new way to build applications that is both exciting and powerful, Boogie 

We have built the evolution to the cloud: A multi-technology, agile architecture platform that revolutionizes the developer experience by uniting all technologies under a common framework, and allowing developer know-how to be consistently described, shared and advanced. It is a full-stack, micro-service cloud development and deployment platform that super-charges the entire project lifecycle, from prototype to production.


Richard, we decided to send this to you in an email.  Please send this 
    
Because what we know right now is everything is about energy.

Just to show you the level that we are creating at.   Normally, tthis would be a very flat, predictable powerpoint presentation.  Belinda created Docuentation, a documentary and a presentation, a new format for people to present projects and ideas.

In this hectic, stressfull, fast-aced world just take the 3 minutes to watch this introduction.  

Because somewhere inside of this introduction, you will connect with forces that inspire and guide you, and everything we do at DHT is to create a broader, clearer channel

Everything we do at Dark Horse is to enhance the experience 


---
We have built the evolution to the cloud: A multi-technology, agile architecture platform that revolutionizes the developer experience by uniting all technologies under a common framework, and allowing developer know-how to be consistently described, shared and advanced. It is a full-stack, micro-service cloud development and deployment platform that super-charges the entire project lifecycle, from prototype to production.

